---
title:  Connect to VFlow
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

To interact with VFlow, you'll need to connect your wallet. We recommend using **SubWallet** (preferred) or **Talisman** as they support both EVM and Substrate chains.

:::info Wallet Setup
For detailed wallet installation and setup instructions, please refer to our [Connect a Wallet guide](https://docs.zkverify.io/architecture/VFlow/connect-a-wallet).
:::

:::important MetaMask User? 
If you have your main EVM wallet in MetaMask, you'll need to export your seed phrase and import it into SubWallet or Talisman to be able to connect to both EVM and Substrate chains. This ensures you can access the same wallet across different chain types.
:::

### Finding VFlow in Your Wallet

When you go to copy your Substrate address in both SubWallet and Talisman, a list of networks should pop up. You can type 'VFlow' in the search field to quickly find and select the VFlow network.

## Where can I see my account in Polkadot.js?

To view your account in Polkadot.js, you have two options:

1. **Direct Link**: Connect to [Polkadot.js Apps with VFlow](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=wss%3A%2F%2Fvflow-rpc.zkverify.io#/accounts)
2. **Manual Navigation**: 
   - Go to the sidebar in Polkadot.js
   - Find "VFlow" in the network list
   - Click "Switch" to connect to VFlow

Once connected, navigate to **Accounts > Account** in the top bar. You should be able to see your EVM address as indicated in your SubWallet or Talisman browser extension.

:::warning Important Account Note
You may see another EVM address that is automatically generated by Polkadot.js, but **do not send funds to this address**. Only use the account address that you see in your browser extension wallet (SubWallet or Talisman).
:::