---
title: Handle Valid Proof
---

When a valid proof is routed to a domain via a `domainId` provided in [`submitProof`](../02-mainchain/04-mainchain_api.md#submitproof) the proof is just added to the next aggregation in the given domain and some money are put on hold in the submitter's wallet till the aggregation is published. The submitter's held money will be used to pay the aggregation's publisher: see [Publish Aggregation](./04-publish-aggregations.md) to learn more about the aggregation costs. The proof insertion in the aggregation emits a [`NewProof{statement, domainId, aggregationId}`](../02-mainchain/04-mainchain_api.md#newproof) event. The proof submitter should listen to a `NewAggregationReceipt{domainId, aggregationId, receipt}` event containing his domain and aggregation: this step is important because the user can compute the Merkle path of its proof in the aggregation only by **providing the block where this event was emitted**: the path can be computed by the [`aggregate_statementPath`](../02-mainchain/04-mainchain_api.md#aggregate_statementpath) RPC call.

That's the happy path, let's now take a look to what happens in the other situtations. If something goes wrong, the **`submitProof` extrisic doesn't fail**, but just emits a [`CannotAggregate{statement, cause}`](../02-mainchain/04-mainchain_api.md#cannotaggregate) **event** with one of the following causes:

- `DomainNotRegistered{domainId}`: if the submitter has provided an invalid `domainId`.
- [`InvalidDomainState{domainId, state}`](./05-domain-management.md#remove-a-domain): the domain is not ready to accept any other proof.
- `DomainStorageFull{domainId}`: if the domain queue is full, in this case no proof can be added to that domain till at least an aggregation is published.
- `InsufficientFunds`: if the submitter account hasn’t enough funds to cover for its contribution to the aggregation's publication.
- [`UnauthorizedUser`](./03-core-concepts.md#submitting-security-rules): if the submitter account is not authorized to submit proofs on this domain.

So, to summarize, the submitter should listen the events generated by `submitProof` call and catch both:

- `NewProof` that is emitted if everything is ok and contains the aggregation coordinates
- `CannotAggregate` that is emitted if something has gone wrong and contains the cause of the failure

## Proof Submission Costs

Every proof submitter in a given domain $D$ puts the following money amount $A$ on hold:

$$
A(a) = \frac{Estimate(a) + Tip(a)}{size(a)}
$$

Where

- $a$ is the aggregation where the proof is inserted
- $Estimate(a)$ is a price estimation for generating the aggregation **at the time of the submission**
- $Tip(a)$ is the amount of the tip for the publisher
- $size(a)$ the maximum size aggregation that is defined in the domain

Currently

$$
Tip(a) = 0.1 + 0.1 * Estimate(a)
$$
